content/contact.md, before:

+++
title = ""
slug = "contact"
+++

# General contact

You can contact the conference organisers via the following email address: [letrak.fak.ilcsf@ehu.es](mailto:letrak.fak.ilcsf@ehu.es)

# Organisers

- Gorka Elordieta:
[gorka.elordieta@ehu.eus](mailto:gorka.elordieta@ehu.eus)
(University of the Basque Country)
- Magdalena Romera:
[magdalena.romera@unavarra.es](mailto:magdalena.romera@unavarra.es)
(Public University of Navarre)
- Varun DC Arrazola:
[varun.dca@ehu.eus](mailto:varun.dca@ehu.eus)
(University of the Basque Country)

# Scientific committee

- Antje Muntendam
- Azucena Palacios
- Elinor Payne
- Elisa Fernández-Rei
- Elisabeth Delais-Roussarie
- Estibaliz Amorrortu
- Johannes Kabatek
- José Luis Blas Arroyo
- Lourdes Romera
- Maria del Mar Vanrell
- Mark Amengual
- Mary Baltazani
- Miguel Cuevas-Alonso
- Nicholas Henriksen
- Paolo Roseano 
- Pedro Martín Butragueño
- Rajiv Rao
- Sergio Robles-Puente
- Xosé Luis Regueira
- Yolanda Congosto

# Financial support

This conference is one of the activities within the research grant “Spanish in contact with Basque: prosody and social factors” (FFI2016-80021-P), funded by the Spanish Ministry of Science and Innovation. This project has the goal of describing the main intonational features distinguishing the variety of Spanish spoken in areas in contact with Basque (i.e., the Basque Country and Navarre) from Castilian and standard Spanish, and explore the role of social factors in the degree of occurrence of intonational features of Basque in this northern variety of Spanish.

Commit message:

add link to sociolinguistics calendar and linguistlist

content/contact.md, after:

+++
title = ""
slug = "contact"
+++

Find us on the [Sociolinguistic Events Calendar](https://baal.org.uk/slxevents/), and on [Linguist List](https://linguistlist.org/issues/31/31-1287.html).

# General contact

You can contact the conference organisers via the following email address: [letrak.fak.ilcsf@ehu.es](mailto:letrak.fak.ilcsf@ehu.es)

# Organisers

- Gorka Elordieta:
[gorka.elordieta@ehu.eus](mailto:gorka.elordieta@ehu.eus)
(University of the Basque Country)
- Magdalena Romera:
[magdalena.romera@unavarra.es](mailto:magdalena.romera@unavarra.es)
(Public University of Navarre)
- Varun DC Arrazola:
[varun.dca@ehu.eus](mailto:varun.dca@ehu.eus)
(University of the Basque Country)

# Scientific committee

- Antje Muntendam
- Azucena Palacios
- Elinor Payne
- Elisa Fernández-Rei
- Elisabeth Delais-Roussarie
- Estibaliz Amorrortu
- Johannes Kabatek
- José Luis Blas Arroyo
- Lourdes Romera
- Maria del Mar Vanrell
- Mark Amengual
- Mary Baltazani
- Miguel Cuevas-Alonso
- Nicholas Henriksen
- Paolo Roseano 
- Pedro Martín Butragueño
- Rajiv Rao
- Sergio Robles-Puente
- Xosé Luis Regueira
- Yolanda Congosto

# Financial support

This conference is one of the activities within the research grant “Spanish in contact with Basque: prosody and social factors” (FFI2016-80021-P), funded by the Spanish Ministry of Science and Innovation. This project has the goal of describing the main intonational features distinguishing the variety of Spanish spoken in areas in contact with Basque (i.e., the Basque Country and Navarre) from Castilian and standard Spanish, and explore the role of social factors in the degree of occurrence of intonational features of Basque in this northern variety of Spanish.
